OCR:	Chapter	1	Introduction	Humans	are	continuously	trying	to	search	for	life	on	planets	other	than	the	Earth	of	the	Solar	
GT :	Chapter	1	Introduction	Humans	are	continuously	trying	to	search	for	life	on	planets	other	than	the	Earth	of	the	Solar	

OCR:	system.	This	has	led	to	the	emergence	of	the	field	for	searching	water/ice	on	celestial	bodies.	Not	only	this,	they	
GT :	system.	This	has	led	to	the	emergence	of	the	field	for	searching	water/ice	on	celestial	bodies.	Not	only	this,	they	

OCR:	are	also	highly	curious	about	knowing	the	facts	behind	the	formation	of	the	Solar	system.	The	curiosity	of	human	towards	
GT :	are	also	highly	curious	about	knowing	the	facts	behind	the	formation	of	the	Solar	system.	The	curiosity	of	human	towards	

OCR:	the	celestial	bodies	has	led	to	the	growth	of	the	field	known	as	"Remote	Sensing".	null   	null     	Remote	sensing	is	
GT :	the	celestial	bodies	has	led	to	the	growth	of	the	field	known	as	null   	null     	“Remote	Sensing”.	Remote	sensing	is	

OCR:	defined	as	obtaining	information	about	any	object	without	any	physical	contact	with	it	[1].	The	object	can	be	on	Earth	
GT :	defined	as	obtaining	information	about	any	object	without	any	physical	contact	with	it	[1].	The	object	can	be	on	Earth	

OCR:	or	may	be	on	other	celestial	bodies	of	the	universe.	Radar	(RAdio	Detection	And	Ranging)	is	one	of	the	important	
GT :	or	may	be	on	other	celestial	bodies	of	the	universe.	Radar	(RAdio	Detection	And	Ranging)	is	one	of	the	important	

OCR:	instruments	used	in	remote	sensing.	During	radar	scan,	it	is	observed	that	some	of	the	celestial	bodies	having	ice	on	
GT :	instruments	used	in	remote	sensing.	During	radar	scan,	it	is	observed	that	some	of	the	celestial	bodies	having	ice	on	

OCR:	their	surface	give	very	high	radar	albedo	as	compared	to	the	North	and	South	pole	of	the	Earth.	One	amongst	
GT :	their	surface	give	very	high	radar	albedo	as	compared	to	the	North	and	South	pole	of	the	Earth.	One	amongst	

OCR:	them	is	the	Enceladus	(moon	of	the	Saturn)	[2]	[3].	This	leads	to	a	mystery,	why	are	we	getting	high	
GT :	them	is	the	Enceladus	(moon	of	the	Saturn)	[2]	[3].	This	leads	to	a	mystery,	why	are	we	getting	high	

OCR:	radar	albedo	from	the	Enceladus?	To	understand	this,	we	first	have	to	understand	the	interaction	of	the	electromag-	netic	waves	
GT :	radar	albedo	from	the	Enceladus?	To	understand	this,	we	first	have	to	understand	the	interaction	of	the	electromag-	netic	waves	

OCR:	with	the	random	rough	surfaces.	The	analysis	of	electromagnetic	wave	scattering	from	random	rough	surfaces	has	its	roots	in	classical	
GT :	with	the	random	rough	surfaces.	The	analysis	of	electromagnetic	wave	scattering	from	random	rough	surfaces	has	its	roots	in	classical	

OCR:	works	of	the	previous	two	centuries.	This	field	is	highly	important	for	remote	sensing,	communications,	oceanography,	optics	and	material	science.	
GT :	works	of	the	previous	two	centuries.	This	field	is	highly	important	for	remote	sensing,	communications,	oceanography,	optics	and	material	science.	

OCR:	Early	approaches	for	analysing	the	electromagnetic	wave	scattering	from	the	ran-	dom	rough	surfaces	are	based	on	asymptotic	approximations	like	
GT :	Early	approaches	for	analysing	the	electromagnetic	wave	scattering	from	the	ran-	dom	rough	surfaces	are	based	on	asymptotic	approximations	like	

OCR:	small-perturbation	method	(SPM)	by	Rice	[4],	Kirchoff	or	tangent	plane	approximation	(KA),	phase	perturbation	method	(PPM),	small-slope	approximation	(SSA),	momentum	
GT :	small-perturbation	method	(SPM)	by	Rice	[4],	Kirchoff	or	tangent	plane	approximation	(KA),	phase	perturbation	method	(PPM),	small-slope	approximation	(SSA),	momentum	

OCR:	trans-	fer	expansion	(MTE),	unified	perturbation	method	(UPM)	and	the	integral	equation	model	(IEM)	[5].	Due	to	a	large	number	
GT :	trans-	fer	expansion	(MTE),	unified	perturbation	method	(UPM)	and	the	integral	equation	model	(IEM)	[5].	Due	to	a	large	number	

OCR:	of	applications,	this	was	the	field	of	interest	continuously	and	lot	of	work	was	done	in	finding	the	domain	of	
GT :	of	applications,	this	was	the	field	of	interest	continuously	and	lot	of	work	was	done	in	finding	the	domain	of	

OCR:	validity	region	for	various	ana-	lytical	techniques,	like	for	Kirchoff	approximation	by	Thoros	[6].	These	methods	are	analytical,	hence	highly	
GT :	validity	region	for	various	ana-	lytical	techniques,	like	for	Kirchoff	approximation	by	Thoros	[6].	These	methods	are	analytical,	hence	highly	

OCR:	useful	in	understanding	the	physical	insight	of	the	interaction.	1	
GT :	useful	in	understanding	the	physical	insight	of	the	interaction.	1	

