OCR:	Due	to	tedious	manual	calculations,	lack	of	accuracy	and	limited	domain	of	valid-	ity	of	analytical	techniques,	some	numerical	techniques	
GT :	Due	to	tedious	manual	calculations,	lack	of	accuracy	and	limited	domain	of	valid-	ity	of	analytical	techniques,	some	numerical	techniques	

OCR:	were	developed	like	method	of	moments	(MOM),	finite	difference	time	domain	(FDTD)	and	finite	element	method	(FEM).	In	[7],	Johnson	
GT :	were	developed	like	method	of	moments	(MOM),	finite	difference	time	domain	(FDTD)	and	finite	element	method	(FEM).	In	[7],	Johnson	

OCR:	observed	polarisation	dependence	of	electromagnetic	wave	scat-	tering	from	random	rough	surfaces	and	depolarisation	of	electromagnetic	waves	was	observed	by	
GT :	observed	polarisation	dependence	of	electromagnetic	wave	scat-	tering	from	random	rough	surfaces	and	depolarisation	of	electromagnetic	waves	was	observed	by	

OCR:	Valenzuela	[8].	In	[9],	it	was	observed	that	Lunar	crater	deposits	exhibit	maximum	CPR	(Circular	Polarisation	Ratio,	(c) 	null	null	
GT :	Valenzuela	[8].	In	[9],	it	was	observed	that	Lunar	crater	deposits	exhibit	maximum	CPR	(Circular	Polarisation	Ratio,	null	μ   	c   	

OCR:	null	values	of	2	to	3	at	12.6	and	70-cm	wavelengths,	Maxwell	Montes	on	Venus	range	up	to	about	1.5	
GT :	)   	values	of	2	to	3	at	12.6	and	70-cm	wavelengths,	Maxwell	Montes	on	Venus	range	up	to	about	1.5	

OCR:	at	12.6-cm	wavelength,	Echoes	from	SP	Flow	in	Arizona	exhibit	values	up	to	2	at	24-cm	wavelength,	rock	edges	and	
GT :	at	12.6-cm	wavelength,	Echoes	from	SP	Flow	in	Arizona	exhibit	values	up	to	2	at	24-cm	wavelength,	rock	edges	and	

OCR:	cracks	(dipole-like)	produce	He  	null	null	of	unity	for	single	scattering	and	up	to	about	2	for	multiple	reflections,	Natural	
GT :	cracks	(dipole-like)	produce	null	μ   	c   	of	unity	for	single	scattering	and	up	to	about	2	for	multiple	reflections,	Natural	

OCR:	corner	reflectors	(dihedrals)	formed	by	pairs	of	rock	facets	can	yield	an	average	value	of	3	to	4.	The	CPR	
GT :	corner	reflectors	(dihedrals)	formed	by	pairs	of	rock	facets	can	yield	an	average	value	of	3	to	4.	The	CPR	

OCR:	is	defined	as	"the	null	ratio	between	power	reflected	in	the	same	sense	of	circular	polarisation	(SC)	as	that	of	
GT :	is	defined	as	null	“the	ratio	between	power	reflected	in	the	same	sense	of	circular	polarisation	(SC)	as	that	of	

OCR:	transmitted	and	the	echo	in	the	opposite	sense	(OC)	of	circular	polarisation"	null         	[9].	In	[2],	the	authors	through	2D	
GT :	transmitted	and	the	echo	in	the	opposite	sense	(OC)	of	circular	null         	polarisation”	[9].	In	[2],	the	authors	through	2D	

OCR:	FEM	(finite	element	method)	analysis	show	that	highly	porous	substrates,	possibly	combined	with	nearly	circular	pebbles	of	ice	atop	can	
GT :	FEM	(finite	element	method)	analysis	show	that	highly	porous	substrates,	possibly	combined	with	nearly	circular	pebbles	of	ice	atop	can	

OCR:	explain	the	high	radar	albedo	from	the	Enceladus.	The	above	researches	in	the	past	have	given	the	idea	that	different	
GT :	explain	the	high	radar	albedo	from	the	Enceladus.	The	above	researches	in	the	past	have	given	the	idea	that	different	

OCR:	configurations	of	ice	will	generate	different	scattered	electromagnetic	field	and	will	provide	different	values	of	radar	cross	section	(RCS)	and	
GT :	configurations	of	ice	will	generate	different	scattered	electromagnetic	field	and	will	provide	different	values	of	radar	cross	section	(RCS)	and	

OCR:	circular	polarisation	ratio	(CPR).	The	RCS	is	defined	as	the	ratio	of	the	reflected	radiation	from	the	surface	to	incident	
GT :	circular	polarisation	ratio	(CPR).	The	RCS	is	defined	as	the	ratio	of	the	reflected	radiation	from	the	surface	to	incident	

OCR:	radiation	upon	it.	Objective	To	categorise	different	configurations	of	icy	surfaces	on	the	basis	of	two	parameters:	radar	cross	section	
GT :	radiation	upon	it.	Objective	To	categorise	different	configurations	of	icy	surfaces	on	the	basis	of	two	parameters:	radar	cross	section	

OCR:	(RCS)	and	circular	polarisation	ratio	(CPR).	Finally,	to	solve	the	mystery	of	getting	high	radar	albedo	from	icy	celestial	bodies	
GT :	(RCS)	and	circular	polarisation	ratio	(CPR).	Finally,	to	solve	the	mystery	of	getting	high	radar	albedo	from	icy	celestial	bodies	

OCR:	like	Enceladus	than	the	North/South	pole	of	the	Earth.	Organisation	of	the	thesis	In	Chapter	2,	we	analyse	electromagnetic	wave	
GT :	like	Enceladus	than	the	North/South	pole	of	the	Earth.	Organisation	of	the	thesis	In	Chapter	2,	we	analyse	electromagnetic	wave	

OCR:	scattering	from	random	rough	sur-	faces	by	using	small	perturbation	method	(SPM)	with	a	continuation	in	Chapter	3,	derivation	of	
GT :	scattering	from	random	rough	sur-	faces	by	using	small	perturbation	method	(SPM)	with	a	continuation	in	Chapter	3,	derivation	of	

OCR:	scattered	field	for	different	orders	of	perturbation	of	the	height	of	random	rough	surfaces.	In	Chapter	4,	we	analyse	two	
GT :	scattered	field	for	different	orders	of	perturbation	of	the	height	of	random	rough	surfaces.	In	Chapter	4,	we	analyse	two	

OCR:	configurations	of	icy	surfaces:	random	rough	surface	and	random	rough	surface	with	smooth	square	boulders,	on	the	basis	of	RCS	
GT :	configurations	of	icy	surfaces:	random	rough	surface	and	random	rough	surface	with	smooth	square	boulders,	on	the	basis	of	RCS	

OCR:	and	CPR.	In	Chapter	5,	we	end	our	discussion	with	a	conclusion.	2	
GT :	and	CPR.	In	Chapter	5,	we	end	our	discussion	with	a	conclusion.	2	

