OCR:	on	a	no	less	important	problem.	Namely,	that	of	discovering	design	principles	in	biological	circuits	and	understanding	why	nature	adheres	
GT :	on	a	no	less	important	problem.	Namely,	that	of	discovering	design	principles	in	biological	circuits	and	understanding	why	nature	adheres	

OCR:	to	those	principles.	From	decades	of	research	in	molecular	biology	it	is	emerging	that	nature	has	converged	time	and	again	
GT :	to	those	principles.	From	decades	of	research	in	molecular	biology	it	is	emerging	that	nature	has	converged	time	and	again	

OCR:	on	similar	molecular	circuits.	Such	extensive	convergent	evolution	owes	to	a	combination	of	the	following	four	factors.	First,	various	physical-chemical	
GT :	on	similar	molecular	circuits.	Such	extensive	convergent	evolution	owes	to	a	combination	of	the	following	four	factors.	First,	various	physical-chemical	

OCR:	constraints	limit	what	molecular	circuits	are	feasible.	Second,	not	all	feasible	circuits	are	equally	likely	to	be	created	form	an	
GT :	constraints	limit	what	molecular	circuits	are	feasible.	Second,	not	all	feasible	circuits	are	equally	likely	to	be	created	form	an	

OCR:	existing	biological	network	by	random	mutation.	Third,	only	circuits	that	function	very	well	and	whose	performance	is	robust	to	fluctuations	
GT :	existing	biological	network	by	random	mutation.	Third,	only	circuits	that	function	very	well	and	whose	performance	is	robust	to	fluctuations	

OCR:	enable	the	carrying	organisms	to	survive	natural	selection.	Fourth,	similar	functional	properties	(e.	g.,	fast	responses,	robustness	to	perturbations,	high	
GT :	enable	the	carrying	organisms	to	survive	natural	selection.	Fourth,	similar	functional	properties	(e.	g.,	fast	responses,	robustness	to	perturbations,	high	

OCR:	gains	of	outputs	with	respect	to	inputs)	are	required	quite	often	in	different	contexts.	Because	most	feasible	circuits	that	could	
GT :	gains	of	outputs	with	respect	to	inputs)	are	required	quite	often	in	different	contexts.	Because	most	feasible	circuits	that	could	

OCR:	evolve	from	existing	biological	networks	through	a	small	number	of	frequent	genetic	events	(mostly	point	mutations,	gene	duplications	and	gene	
GT :	evolve	from	existing	biological	networks	through	a	small	number	of	frequent	genetic	events	(mostly	point	mutations,	gene	duplications	and	gene	

OCR:	deletions)	are	rarely	found	in	living	organisms,	the	last	two	factors	are	critical	for	explaining	the	observed	convergence.	This	convergence	
GT :	deletions)	are	rarely	found	in	living	organisms,	the	last	two	factors	are	critical	for	explaining	the	observed	convergence.	This	convergence	

OCR:	and	its	underlying	causes	have	deep	implications.	They	mean	that	molecular	biology	might	one	day	be	structured	around	a	number	
GT :	and	its	underlying	causes	have	deep	implications.	They	mean	that	molecular	biology	might	one	day	be	structured	around	a	number	

OCR:	of	simple	laws	or	principles	whose	understanding	hinges	largely	on	engineering	considerations	similar	to	those	applying	to	human-designed	circuits.	The	
GT :	of	simple	laws	or	principles	whose	understanding	hinges	largely	on	engineering	considerations	similar	to	those	applying	to	human-designed	circuits.	The	

OCR:	major	breakthroughs	in	the	exact	sciences	occurred	when	the	main	regularities	(laws)	were	discovered	and	then	explained.	From	this	process	
GT :	major	breakthroughs	in	the	exact	sciences	occurred	when	the	main	regularities	(laws)	were	discovered	and	then	explained.	From	this	process	

OCR:	ensued	the	predictive	power	that	earned	these	sciences	the	qualifier	"exact",	null    	which	still	sets	them	apart	from	biology.	If	
GT :	ensued	the	predictive	power	that	earned	these	sciences	the	qualifier	null    	“exact”,	which	still	sets	them	apart	from	biology.	If	

OCR:	a	similar	process	is	nowadays	taking	place	in	molecular	biology	this	is	largely	through	the	discovery	and	explanation	of	design	
GT :	a	similar	process	is	nowadays	taking	place	in	molecular	biology	this	is	largely	through	the	discovery	and	explanation	of	design	

OCR:	principles.	The	focus	on	discovering	and	explaining	engineering-derived	design	principles	of	biological	networks	was	pioneered	by	Michael	Savageau	in	the	
GT :	principles.	The	focus	on	discovering	and	explaining	engineering-derived	design	principles	of	biological	networks	was	pioneered	by	Michael	Savageau	in	the	

OCR:	early	1970's.	null   	And	indeed	it	is	to	Michael	Savageau's	null      	1976	classic	"Biochemical	null        	Systems	Analysis:	A	Study	of	
GT :	early	null   	1970’s.	And	indeed	it	is	to	Michael	null      	Savageau’s	1976	classic	null        	“Biochemical	Systems	Analysis:	A	Study	of	

OCR:	Function	and	Design	in	Molecular	Biology"	null    	[6]	that	Uri	Alon's	null  	book	most	directly	compares.	Both	
GT :	Function	and	Design	in	Molecular	null    	Biology”	[6]	that	Uri	null  	Alon’s	book	most	directly	compares.	Both	

