OCR:	VOL.	2,	NO.	4,	May	2012	null	null     	ARPN	Journal	of	Science	and	Technology	@2011-2012.	null       	All	rights	reserved.	http://www.ejournalofscience.org	
GT :	VOL.	2,	NO.	4,	May	2012	ISSN	2225-7217	ARPN	Journal	of	Science	and	Technology	null       	©2011-2012.	All	rights	reserved.	http://www.ejournalofscience.org	

OCR:	Experimental	Research	about	Effect	of	Mathematics	Anxiety,	Working	Memory	Capacity	on	Students'	null     	Mathematical	Performance	With	Three	Different	Types	of	
GT :	Experimental	Research	about	Effect	of	Mathematics	Anxiety,	Working	Memory	Capacity	on	null     	Students’	Mathematical	Performance	With	Three	Different	Types	of	

OCR:	null    	null   	null	Saeed	Daneshamooz	and	Hassan	Alamolhodaei,	'   	null	Saeed	Darvishian	null	School	of	Mathematical	Sciences-Ferdowsi	University	of	Mashhad	
GT :	Learning	Methods	1   	Saeed	Daneshamooz	and	Hassan	Alamolhodaei,	null	2   	Saeed	Darvishian	1   	School	of	Mathematical	Sciences-Ferdowsi	University	of	Mashhad	

OCR:	null	Department	of	Engineering-Islamic	Azad	University,	Neyshabur	Branch	ABSTRACT	The	purpose	of	this	quasi-experimental	was	to	investigate	the	effect	of	
GT :	2   	Department	of	Engineering-Islamic	Azad	University,	Neyshabur	Branch	ABSTRACT	The	purpose	of	this	quasi-experimental	was	to	investigate	the	effect	of	

OCR:	two	predictive	factors	(mathematics	anxiety,	working	memory	capacity)	on	mathematical	performance	of	three	groups	of	college	students	with	three	different	
GT :	two	predictive	factors	(mathematics	anxiety,	working	memory	capacity)	on	mathematical	performance	of	three	groups	of	college	students	with	three	different	

OCR:	learning	methods.	Students	in	Ist 	null	group	studied	the	material	cooperatively;	students	in	the	2nd	group	studied	the	material	in	
GT :	learning	methods.	Students	in	null	1st 	group	studied	the	material	cooperatively;	students	in	the	2nd	group	studied	the	material	in	

OCR:	e-	learning	method	and	students	in	3th	group	studied	the	material	in	traditional	class.	Three	chapter's	null     	tests	were	used	
GT :	e-	learning	method	and	students	in	3th	group	studied	the	material	in	traditional	class.	Three	null     	chapter’s	tests	were	used	

OCR:	to	measure	students'	null     	Mathematical	achievement.	The	significant	negative	correlation	between	mathematics	anxiety	and	mathematical	performance	and	positive	correlation	between	
GT :	to	measure	null     	students’	Mathematical	achievement.	The	significant	negative	correlation	between	mathematics	anxiety	and	mathematical	performance	and	positive	correlation	between	

OCR:	mathematical	performance	and	working	memory	capacity	were	found.	One	of	the	results	of	this	study	showed	that	students	in	the	
GT :	mathematical	performance	and	working	memory	capacity	were	found.	One	of	the	results	of	this	study	showed	that	students	in	the	

OCR:	cooperative	learning	groups	had	significantly	higher	test	scores	than	students	in	the	other	groups.	Moreover,	there	is	a	significant	interaction	
GT :	cooperative	learning	groups	had	significantly	higher	test	scores	than	students	in	the	other	groups.	Moreover,	there	is	a	significant	interaction	

OCR:	effect	of	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	on	mathematical	performance	based	on	students'	null     	learning	method.	The	most	important	
GT :	effect	of	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	on	mathematical	performance	based	on	null     	students’	learning	method.	The	most	important	

OCR:	result	of	this	study	indicated	that	with	controlling	the	effect	of	math	anxiety,	WMC	had	significantly	more	effect	on	students'	
GT :	result	of	this	study	indicated	that	with	controlling	the	effect	of	math	anxiety,	WMC	had	significantly	more	effect	on	null     	

OCR:	null     	mathematical	problem	solving	who	studied	their	lessons	in	e-learning	method	than	other	groups	of	learning	method.	Keywords:	Mathematics	anxiety,	
GT :	students’	mathematical	problem	solving	who	studied	their	lessons	in	e-learning	method	than	other	groups	of	learning	method.	Keywords:	Mathematics	anxiety,	

OCR:	Working	memory	capacity,	Cooperative	learning,	e-learning,	Mathematical	performance.	null       	null	1.	INTRODUCTION	The	art	of	problem	solving	is	the	heart	
GT :	Working	memory	capacity,	Cooperative	learning,	e-learning,	Mathematical	null        	performance	.   	1.	INTRODUCTION	The	art	of	problem	solving	is	the	heart	

OCR:	of	mathematics.	Mathematical	problem	solving	is	a	complex	cognitive	activity	involving	a	number	of	processes	and	strategies.	Patton	et	al.	
GT :	of	mathematics.	Mathematical	problem	solving	is	a	complex	cognitive	activity	involving	a	number	of	processes	and	strategies.	Patton	et	al.	

OCR:	[1]	propose	that	earning	null    	to	solve	problems	is	a	primary	objective	in	learning	mathematics,	as	problems	are	an	inevitable	
GT :	[1]	propose	that	null   	learning	to	solve	problems	is	a	primary	objective	in	learning	mathematics,	as	problems	are	an	inevitable	

OCR:	fact	of	life.	According	to	Effandi	and	Normah	[2],	a	student	needs	to	think	and	make	decisions	using	appropriate	strategies	
GT :	fact	of	life.	According	to	Effandi	and	Normah	[2],	a	student	needs	to	think	and	make	decisions	using	appropriate	strategies	

OCR:	to	solve	mathematic	problems.	Many	research	studies	and	projects	have	pointed	out	the	importance	of	learning	problem	solving	in	school	
GT :	to	solve	mathematic	problems.	Many	research	studies	and	projects	have	pointed	out	the	importance	of	learning	problem	solving	in	school	

OCR:	mathematics	courses	4-6 	null  	The	National	Council	of	Teachers	of	Mathematics	[5]	recommendations	to	make	problem	solving	the	focus	of	
GT :	mathematics	courses	null	[4-6].	The	National	Council	of	Teachers	of	Mathematics	[5]	recommendations	to	make	problem	solving	the	focus	of	

OCR:	school	mathematics	posed	fundamental	questions	about	the	nature	of	school	mathematics.	Mathematics	instruction	should	be	designed	so	that	students	experience	
GT :	school	mathematics	posed	fundamental	questions	about	the	nature	of	school	mathematics.	Mathematics	instruction	should	be	designed	so	that	students	experience	

OCR:	mathematics	as	problem	solving.	Teaching	mathematical	problem	solving	is	a	challenge	for	many	teachers.	A	teacher	who	believes	that	information	
GT :	mathematics	as	problem	solving.	Teaching	mathematical	problem	solving	is	a	challenge	for	many	teachers.	A	teacher	who	believes	that	information	

OCR:	can	be	transmitted	to	students'	null     	heads	often	employs	lecture	methods	in	the	teaching	of	mathematics.	These	teachers	usually	stand	
GT :	can	be	transmitted	to	null     	students’	heads	often	employs	lecture	methods	in	the	teaching	of	mathematics.	These	teachers	usually	stand	

OCR:	up	in	front	of	the	class,	writing	formulas	on	the	board,	and	providing	several	examples	for	practicing	the	formula.	Teachers	
GT :	up	in	front	of	the	class,	writing	formulas	on	the	board,	and	providing	several	examples	for	practicing	the	formula.	Teachers	

OCR:	then	give	ISSN	2225-7217	Learning	Methods	students	many	exercises	for	practice	and	expect	students	to	memorize	the	formula	[7].Yet	several	
GT :	then	give	null	null     	null    	null   	students	many	exercises	for	practice	and	expect	students	to	memorize	the	formula	[7].Yet	several	

OCR:	studies	have	described	the	detrimental	effects	of	this	approach	for	students	(e.g.	[7,	8]).	Because	of	a	tendency	for	teachers	
GT :	studies	have	described	the	detrimental	effects	of	this	approach	for	students	(e.g.	[7,	8]).	Because	of	a	tendency	for	teachers	

OCR:	to	expect	students	to	memories	a	lot	of	facts	that	may	not	necessarily	make	sense	to	them,	and	asking	students	
GT :	to	expect	students	to	memories	a	lot	of	facts	that	may	not	necessarily	make	sense	to	them,	and	asking	students	

OCR:	to	listen	and	practice	many	exercises	in	preparation	for	a	test,	many	students	come	to	the	conclusion	that	mathematics	is	
GT :	to	listen	and	practice	many	exercises	in	preparation	for	a	test,	many	students	come	to	the	conclusion	that	mathematics	is	

OCR:	either	about	right	or	wrong,	it	is	unrelated	to	real	life,	or	it	is	only	appropriate	for	smart	students	[7,	
GT :	either	about	right	or	wrong,	it	is	unrelated	to	real	life,	or	it	is	only	appropriate	for	smart	students	[7,	

OCR:	9].	According	the	importance	of	math	problem	solving	the	present	study	was	carried	out	by	the	authors	to	study	mathematical	
GT :	9].	According	the	importance	of	math	problem	solving	the	present	study	was	carried	out	by	the	authors	to	study	mathematical	

OCR:	problem	solving	in	term	of	predictive	factor.	In	this	study	the	effect	of	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	on	
GT :	problem	solving	in	term	of	predictive	factor.	In	this	study	the	effect	of	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	on	

OCR:	mathematical	performance	according	to	the	learning	method	will	be	discussed.	It	seems	to	be	more	beneficial	o   	null	describe	the	
GT :	mathematical	performance	according	to	the	learning	method	will	be	discussed.	It	seems	to	be	more	beneficial	null	to  	describe	the	

OCR:	historical	background	of	predictive	factors	of	mathematical	performance,	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	before	introducing	research	framework.	a.	Working	
GT :	historical	background	of	predictive	factors	of	mathematical	performance,	working	memory	capacity	and	mathematics	anxiety	before	introducing	research	framework.	a.	Working	

OCR:	memory	Capacity	Alan	Baddeley	defines	working	memory	(WM)	as	"a  	null	brain	system	that	provides	temporary	storage	and	manipulation	of	
GT :	memory	Capacity	Alan	Baddeley	defines	working	memory	(WM)	as	null	“a  	brain	system	that	provides	temporary	storage	and	manipulation	of	

OCR:	the	information	necessary	for	such	complex	cognitive	tasks	as	language	comprehension,	earning,	null     	and	reasoning"	null      	[10].	Working	memory	refers	
GT :	the	information	necessary	for	such	complex	cognitive	tasks	as	language	comprehension,	null    	learning,	and	null      	reasoning”	[10].	Working	memory	refers	

OCR:	to	a	complex	cognitive	system	that	is	responsible	for	the	storage	and	processing	of	information	in	the	short	term.	Also	
GT :	to	a	complex	cognitive	system	that	is	responsible	for	the	storage	and	processing	of	information	in	the	short	term.	Also	

OCR:	working	memory	known	as	a	mental	workspace,	313	
GT :	working	memory	known	as	a	mental	workspace,	313	

