OCR:	ANNE	FRANK	was	born	on	June	12,	1929.	She	died	while	imprisoned	at	Bergen-Belsen,	three	months	short	of	her	sixteenth	
GT :	ANNE	FRANK	was	born	on	June	12,	1929.	She	died	while	imprisoned	at	Bergen-Belsen,	three	months	short	of	her	sixteenth	

OCR:	birthday.	OTTO	H.	FRANK	was	the	only	member	of	his	immediate	framily	to	survive	the	Holocaust.	He	died	in	1980.	
GT :	birthday.	OTTO	H.	FRANK	was	the	only	member	of	his	immediate	framily	to	survive	the	Holocaust.	He	died	in	1980.	

OCR:	MIRJAM	PRESSLER	is	a	popular	writer	of	books	for	young	adults.	She	lives	in	Germany.	Translated	by	Susan	Massotty.	-   	
GT :	MIRJAM	PRESSLER	is	a	popular	writer	of	books	for	young	adults.	She	lives	in	Germany.	Translated	by	Susan	Massotty.	null	

OCR:	null	:	null	FOREWORD	Anne	Frank	kept	a	diary	from	June	12,	1942,	to	August	1,	1944.	Initially,	she	wrote	
GT :	--  	:	--  	FOREWORD	Anne	Frank	kept	a	diary	from	June	12,	1942,	to	August	1,	1944.	Initially,	she	wrote	

OCR:	it	strictly	for	herself.	Then,	one	day	in	1944,	Gerrit	Bolkestein,	a	member	of	the	Dutch	government	in	exile,	announced	
GT :	it	strictly	for	herself.	Then,	one	day	in	1944,	Gerrit	Bolkestein,	a	member	of	the	Dutch	government	in	exile,	announced	

OCR:	in	a	radio	broadcast	from	London	that	after	the	war	he	hoped	to	collect	eyewitness	accounts	of	the	suffering	of	
GT :	in	a	radio	broadcast	from	London	that	after	the	war	he	hoped	to	collect	eyewitness	accounts	of	the	suffering	of	

OCR:	the	Dutch	people	under	the	German	occupation,	which	could	be	made	available	to	the	public.	As	an	example,	he	specifically	
GT :	the	Dutch	people	under	the	German	occupation,	which	could	be	made	available	to	the	public.	As	an	example,	he	specifically	

OCR:	mentioned	letters	and	diaries.	Impressed	by	this	speech,	Anne	Frank	decided	that	when	the	war	was	over	she	would	publish	
GT :	mentioned	letters	and	diaries.	Impressed	by	this	speech,	Anne	Frank	decided	that	when	the	war	was	over	she	would	publish	

OCR:	a	book	based	on	her	diary.	She	began	rewriting	and	editing	her	diary,	improving	on	the	text,	omitting	passages	she	
GT :	a	book	based	on	her	diary.	She	began	rewriting	and	editing	her	diary,	improving	on	the	text,	omitting	passages	she	

OCR:	didn't	think	were	interesting	enough	and	adding	others	from	memory.	At	the	same	time,	she	kept	up	her	original	diary.	
GT :	didn't	think	were	interesting	enough	and	adding	others	from	memory.	At	the	same	time,	she	kept	up	her	original	diary.	

OCR:	In	the	scholarly	work	The	Diary	of	Anne	Frank:	The	Critical	Edition	(1989),	Anne's	first,	unedited	diary	is	referred	to	
GT :	In	the	scholarly	work	The	Diary	of	Anne	Frank:	The	Critical	Edition	(1989),	Anne's	first,	unedited	diary	is	referred	to	

OCR:	as	version	a,	to	distinguish	it	from	her	second,	edited	diary,	which	is	known	as	version	b.	The	last	entry	
GT :	as	version	a,	to	distinguish	it	from	her	second,	edited	diary,	which	is	known	as	version	b.	The	last	entry	

OCR:	in	Anne's	diary	is	dated	August	1,	1944.	On	August	4,	1944,	the	eight	people	hiding	in	the	Secret	Annex	
GT :	in	Anne's	diary	is	dated	August	1,	1944.	On	August	4,	1944,	the	eight	people	hiding	in	the	Secret	Annex	

OCR:	were	arrested.	Miep	Gies	and	Bep	Voskuijl,	the	two	secretaries	working	in	the	building,	found	Anne's	diaries	strewn	allover	the	
GT :	were	arrested.	Miep	Gies	and	Bep	Voskuijl,	the	two	secretaries	working	in	the	building,	found	Anne's	diaries	strewn	allover	the	

OCR:	floor.	,Miep	Gies	tucked	them	away	in	a	desk	drawer	for	safekeeping.	After	the	war,	when	it	became	clear	that	
GT :	floor.	,Miep	Gies	tucked	them	away	in	a	desk	drawer	for	safekeeping.	After	the	war,	when	it	became	clear	that	

OCR:	Anne	was	dead,	she	gave	the	diaries,	unread,	to	Anne's	father,	Otto	Frank.	After	long	deliberation,	Otto	Frank	decided	to	
GT :	Anne	was	dead,	she	gave	the	diaries,	unread,	to	Anne's	father,	Otto	Frank.	After	long	deliberation,	Otto	Frank	decided	to	

OCR:	fulfill	his	daughter's	wish	and	publish	her	diary.	He	selected	material	from	versions	a	and	b,	editing	them	into	a	
GT :	fulfill	his	daughter's	wish	and	publish	her	diary.	He	selected	material	from	versions	a	and	b,	editing	them	into	a	

OCR:	shorter	version	later	referred	to	as	version	c.	Readers	all	over	the	world	know	this	as	The	Diary	of	a	
GT :	shorter	version	later	referred	to	as	version	c.	Readers	all	over	the	world	know	this	as	The	Diary	of	a	

OCR:	fauna	Girl.	In	making	his	choice,	Otto	Frank	had	to	bear	several	points	in	mind.	To	begin	with,	
GT :	fauna	Girl.	In	making	his	choice,	Otto	Frank	had	to	bear	several	points	in	mind.	To	begin	with,	

