OCR:	the	book	had	to	be	kept	short	so	that	it	would	fit	in	with	a	series	put	out	by	the	
GT :	the	book	had	to	be	kept	short	so	that	it	would	fit	in	with	a	series	put	out	by	the	

OCR:	Dutch	publisher.	In	addition,	several	passages	dealing	with	Anne's	sexuality	were	omitted;	at	the	time	of	the	diary's	initial	publication,	
GT :	Dutch	publisher.	In	addition,	several	passages	dealing	with	Anne's	sexuality	were	omitted;	at	the	time	of	the	diary's	initial	publication,	

OCR:	in	1947,	it	was	not	customary	to	write	openly	about	sex,	and	certainly	not	in	books	for	young	adults.	Out	
GT :	in	1947,	it	was	not	customary	to	write	openly	about	sex,	and	certainly	not	in	books	for	young	adults.	Out	

OCR:	of	respect	for	the	dead,	Otto	Frank	also	omitted	a	number	of	unflattering	passages	about	his	wife	and	the	other	
GT :	of	respect	for	the	dead,	Otto	Frank	also	omitted	a	number	of	unflattering	passages	about	his	wife	and	the	other	

OCR:	residents	of	the	Secret	Annex.	Anne	Frank,	who	was	thirteen	when	she	began	her	diary	and	fifteen	when	she	was	
GT :	residents	of	the	Secret	Annex.	Anne	Frank,	who	was	thirteen	when	she	began	her	diary	and	fifteen	when	she	was	

OCR:	forced	to	stop,	wrote	without	reserve	about	her	likes	and	dislikes.	When	Otto	Frank	died	in	1980,	he	willed	his	
GT :	forced	to	stop,	wrote	without	reserve	about	her	likes	and	dislikes.	When	Otto	Frank	died	in	1980,	he	willed	his	

OCR:	daughter's	manuscripts	to	the	Netherlands	State	Institute	for	War	Documentation	in	Amsterdam.	Because	the	authenticity	of	the	diary	had	been	
GT :	daughter's	manuscripts	to	the	Netherlands	State	Institute	for	War	Documentation	in	Amsterdam.	Because	the	authenticity	of	the	diary	had	been	

OCR:	challenged	ever	since	its	publication,	the	Institute	for	War	Documentation	ordered	a	thorough	investigation.	Once	the	diary	was	proved,	beyond	
GT :	challenged	ever	since	its	publication,	the	Institute	for	War	Documentation	ordered	a	thorough	investigation.	Once	the	diary	was	proved,	beyond	

OCR:	a	shadow	of	a	doubt,	to	be	genuine,	it	was	published	in	its	entirety,	along	with	the	results	of	an	
GT :	a	shadow	of	a	doubt,	to	be	genuine,	it	was	published	in	its	entirety,	along	with	the	results	of	an	

OCR:	exhaustive	study.	The	Critical	Edition	contains	not	only	versions	a,	band	c,	but	also	articles	on	the	background	of	the	
GT :	exhaustive	study.	The	Critical	Edition	contains	not	only	versions	a,	band	c,	but	also	articles	on	the	background	of	the	

OCR:	Frank	family,	the	circumstances	surrounding	their	arrest	and	deportation,	and	the	examination	into	Anne's	handwriting,	the	document	and	the	materials	
GT :	Frank	family,	the	circumstances	surrounding	their	arrest	and	deportation,	and	the	examination	into	Anne's	handwriting,	the	document	and	the	materials	

OCR:	used.	The	Anne	Frank-Fonds	(Anne	Frank	Foundation)	in	Basel	(Switzerland),.	which	as	Otto	Frank's	sole	heir	had	also	inherited	his	
GT :	used.	The	Anne	Frank-Fonds	(Anne	Frank	Foundation)	in	Basel	(Switzerland),.	which	as	Otto	Frank's	sole	heir	had	also	inherited	his	

OCR:	daughter's	copyrights,	then	decided	to	have	anew,	expanded	edition	of	the	diary	published	for	general	readers.	This	new	edition	in	
GT :	daughter's	copyrights,	then	decided	to	have	anew,	expanded	edition	of	the	diary	published	for	general	readers.	This	new	edition	in	

OCR:	no	way	affects	the	integrity	of	the	old	one	originally	edited	by	Otto	Frank,	which	brought	the	diary	and	its	
GT :	no	way	affects	the	integrity	of	the	old	one	originally	edited	by	Otto	Frank,	which	brought	the	diary	and	its	

OCR:	message	to	millions	of	people.	The	task	of	compthng	the	expanded	edition	was	given	to	the	writer	and	translator	Mirjam	
GT :	message	to	millions	of	people.	The	task	of	compthng	the	expanded	edition	was	given	to	the	writer	and	translator	Mirjam	

OCR:	Pressler.	Otto	Frank's	original	selection	has	now	been	supplemented	with	passages	from	Anne's	a	and	b	versions.	Mirjam	Pressler's	definitive	
GT :	Pressler.	Otto	Frank's	original	selection	has	now	been	supplemented	with	passages	from	Anne's	a	and	b	versions.	Mirjam	Pressler's	definitive	

OCR:	edition,	approved	by	the	Anne	Frank-Fonds,	contains	approximately	30	percent	more	material	and	is	intended	to	give	the	reader	more	
GT :	edition,	approved	by	the	Anne	Frank-Fonds,	contains	approximately	30	percent	more	material	and	is	intended	to	give	the	reader	more	

OCR:	insight	into	the	world	of	Anne	Frank.	In	writing	her	second	version	(b),	Anne	invented	pseudonyms	for	the	people	who	
GT :	insight	into	the	world	of	Anne	Frank.	In	writing	her	second	version	(b),	Anne	invented	pseudonyms	for	the	people	who	

OCR:	would	appear	in	her	book.	She	initially	wanted	to	call	herself	Anne	Aulis,	and	later	Anne	Robin.	Otto	Frank	opted	
GT :	would	appear	in	her	book.	She	initially	wanted	to	call	herself	Anne	Aulis,	and	later	Anne	Robin.	Otto	Frank	opted	

OCR:	to	call	his	family	by	their	own	names	and	to	follow	Anne's	wishes	with	regard	to	the	others.	Over	the	
GT :	to	call	his	family	by	their	own	names	and	to	follow	Anne's	wishes	with	regard	to	the	others.	Over	the	

OCR:	years,	the	identity	of	the	people	who	helped	the	family	in	the	Secret	Annex	has	become	common	knowledge.	In	this	
GT :	years,	the	identity	of	the	people	who	helped	the	family	in	the	Secret	Annex	has	become	common	knowledge.	In	this	

OCR:	edition,	the	helpers	are	now	referred	to	by	their	real	names,	as	they	so	justly	deserve	to	be.	All	other	
GT :	edition,	the	helpers	are	now	referred	to	by	their	real	names,	as	they	so	justly	deserve	to	be.	All	other	

OCR:	persons	are	named	in	accordance	with	the	pseudonyms	in	The	Critical	Edition.	The	Institute	for	War	Documentation	has	arbitrarily	assigned	
GT :	persons	are	named	in	accordance	with	the	pseudonyms	in	The	Critical	Edition.	The	Institute	for	War	Documentation	has	arbitrarily	assigned	

OCR:	initials	to	those	persons	wishing	to	remain	anonymous.	The	real	names	of	the	other	people	hiding	in	the	Secret	Annex	
GT :	initials	to	those	persons	wishing	to	remain	anonymous.	The	real	names	of	the	other	people	hiding	in	the	Secret	Annex	

OCR:	are:	
GT :	are:	

