OCR:	This	method	provides	a	simple,	repeatable	way	to	fairly	ac-	count	for	a	wide	variety	of	errors	in	table	structure	
GT :	This	method	provides	a	simple,	repeatable	way	to	fairly	ac-	count	for	a	wide	variety	of	errors	in	table	structure	

OCR:	recognition	e.g.	null 	extra	blank	columns,	split	rows,	undetected	colspans,	etc.)	As	no	coordinate	information	is	used,	result	files	in	
GT :	recognition	null	(e.g.	extra	blank	columns,	split	rows,	undetected	colspans,	etc.)	As	no	coordinate	information	is	used,	result	files	in	

OCR:	HTML,	text	and	other	formats	can	also	be	easily	evaluated	using	this	method.	In	order	to	account	for	possible	character	
GT :	HTML,	text	and	other	formats	can	also	be	easily	evaluated	using	this	method.	In	order	to	account	for	possible	character	

OCR:	encod-	ing	issues,	each	content	string	was	normalized	by	removing	whitespace,	replacing	all	special	characters	with	an	underscore	and	converting	
GT :	encod-	ing	issues,	each	content	string	was	normalized	by	removing	whitespace,	replacing	all	special	characters	with	an	underscore	and	converting	

OCR:	all	lowercase	letters	to	uppercase.	C.	Alternative	ground	truths	Although	great	care	was	taken	in	avoiding	excerpts	con-	taining	ambiguous	
GT :	all	lowercase	letters	to	uppercase.	C.	Alternative	ground	truths	Although	great	care	was	taken	in	avoiding	excerpts	con-	taining	ambiguous	

OCR:	tables	when	generating	the	dataset,	some	of	these	ambiguities	only	became	apparent	when	analysing	the	participants'	null         	submissions.	Therefore,	"alternative"	
GT :	tables	when	generating	the	dataset,	some	of	these	ambiguities	only	became	apparent	when	analysing	the	null         	participants’	submissions.	Therefore,	null         	

OCR:	null         	ground	ruth	null 	files	were	later	generated	for	four	of	the	excerpts	in	the	dataset.	Where	there	were	discrepancies	
GT :	“alternative”	ground	null	truth	files	were	later	generated	for	four	of	the	excerpts	in	the	dataset.	Where	there	were	discrepancies	

OCR:	between	the	ground	truths	in	generating	the	numerical	results,	the	ground	truth	returning	the	better	numerical	result	was	always	chosen.	
GT :	between	the	ground	truths	in	generating	the	numerical	results,	the	ground	truth	returning	the	better	numerical	result	was	always	chosen.	

OCR:	D.	Combining	results	There	are	several	ways	to	average	the	precision	and	recall	scores	over	the	complete	dataset.	For	both	
GT :	D.	Combining	results	There	are	several	ways	to	average	the	precision	and	recall	scores	over	the	complete	dataset.	For	both	

OCR:	region	and	structure	results,	we	chose	to	first	calculate	these	scores	for	each	document	separately	and	then	calculate	the	average	
GT :	region	and	structure	results,	we	chose	to	first	calculate	these	scores	for	each	document	separately	and	then	calculate	the	average	

OCR:	based	on	the	document	scores.	This	way,	each	document	has	equal	weighting	and	the	result	is	not	skewed	by	the	
GT :	based	on	the	document	scores.	This	way,	each	document	has	equal	weighting	and	the	result	is	not	skewed	by	the	

OCR:	few	documents	containing	tables	with	hundreds	or	thousands	of	cells.	Because	of	the	relatively	small	number	of	tables	in	a	
GT :	few	documents	containing	tables	with	hundreds	or	thousands	of	cells.	Because	of	the	relatively	small	number	of	tables	in	a	

OCR:	single	document,	we	chose	not	to	do	this	for	completeness	and	purity	and	simply	totalled	the	number	of	complete	and	
GT :	single	document,	we	chose	not	to	do	this	for	completeness	and	purity	and	simply	totalled	the	number	of	complete	and	

OCR:	pure	tables	over	the	complete	dataset.	IV.	PARTICIPATING	METHODS	The	following	subsections	describe	the	various	systems	that	have	participated	in	
GT :	pure	tables	over	the	complete	dataset.	IV.	PARTICIPATING	METHODS	The	following	subsections	describe	the	various	systems	that	have	participated	in	

OCR:	the	competition.	A	summary	of	the	main	features	is	given	in	Table	I.	A.	ICST-Table	system,	Fang	et	al.	The	
GT :	the	competition.	A	summary	of	the	main	features	is	given	in	Table	I.	A.	ICST-Table	system,	Fang	et	al.	The	

OCR:	ICST-Table	system	[5]	was	submitted	by	Jing	Fang,	Leipeng	Hao,	Liangcai	Gao,	Xin	Tao	and	Zhi	Tang	from	the	Institute	
GT :	ICST-Table	system	[5]	was	submitted	by	Jing	Fang,	Leipeng	Hao,	Liangcai	Gao,	Xin	Tao	and	Zhi	Tang	from	the	Institute	

OCR:	of	Computer	Science	&	Technology,	Peking	Univer-	sity,	Beijing,	China	and	is	designed	to	recognize	tables	in	born-	digital	PDFs,	
GT :	of	Computer	Science	&	Technology,	Peking	Univer-	sity,	Beijing,	China	and	is	designed	to	recognize	tables	in	born-	digital	PDFs,	

OCR:	which	are	parsed	using	a	commercial	library.	The	heuristic	approach	locates	tables	by	finding	whitespace	and	line	separators	and	filtering	
GT :	which	are	parsed	using	a	commercial	library.	The	heuristic	approach	locates	tables	by	finding	whitespace	and	line	separators	and	filtering	

OCR:	out	regions	containing	paragraphs	of	text.	It	is	worth	noting	that	in	[5]	authors	compared	their	evaluation	results	with	those	
GT :	out	regions	containing	paragraphs	of	text.	It	is	worth	noting	that	in	[5]	authors	compared	their	evaluation	results	with	those	

OCR:	presented	by	Liu	et	al.	in	[6],	obtaining	better	precision	and	recall.	In	this	competition,	we	were	able	to	compare	
GT :	presented	by	Liu	et	al.	in	[6],	obtaining	better	precision	and	recall.	In	this	competition,	we	were	able	to	compare	

OCR:	the	two	systems	directly,	and	this	time	Liu	et	al.	obtained	better	results	on	our	dataset.	B.	Tabler	system,	Nurminen	
GT :	the	two	systems	directly,	and	this	time	Liu	et	al.	obtained	better	results	on	our	dataset.	B.	Tabler	system,	Nurminen	

OCR:	Anssi	Nurminen	developed	the	Tabler	system	as	part	of	his	MSc	degree	at	Tampere	University	of	Technology,	Finland.	The	system	
GT :	Anssi	Nurminen	developed	the	Tabler	system	as	part	of	his	MSc	degree	at	Tampere	University	of	Technology,	Finland.	The	system	

OCR:	processes	born-digital	PDF	documents	using	the	1451	t   	TABLE	I	SUMMARY	OF	THE	MAIN	FEATURES	OF	EACH	PARTICIPATING	METHOD	Poppler	
GT :	processes	born-digital	PDF	documents	using	the	null	null	TABLE	I	SUMMARY	OF	THE	MAIN	FEATURES	OF	EACH	PARTICIPATING	METHOD	Poppler	

OCR:	library	and	combines	raster	image	processing	tech-	niques	with	heuristics	working	on	object-based	text	informa-	tion	obtained	from	Poppler	in	
GT :	library	and	combines	raster	image	processing	tech-	niques	with	heuristics	working	on	object-based	text	informa-	tion	obtained	from	Poppler	in	

OCR:	a	series	of	processing	steps.	C.	pdf2table	system,	Yildiz	Burcu	Yildiz	developed	the	pdf2table	system	[7]	at	the	Information	Engineering	
GT :	a	series	of	processing	steps.	C.	pdf2table	system,	Yildiz	Burcu	Yildiz	developed	the	pdf2table	system	[7]	at	the	Information	Engineering	

OCR:	Group,	Technische	Universitat	null       	Wien,	Austria.	The	system	employs	several	heuristics	to	recognize	tables	in	PDF	files	having	a	single	
GT :	Group,	Technische	null       	Universität	Wien,	Austria.	The	system	employs	several	heuristics	to	recognize	tables	in	PDF	files	having	a	single	

OCR:	column	layout.	For	multi-column	documents,	the	user	can	specify	the	number	of	columns	in	the	document	via	a	user	interface;	
GT :	column	layout.	For	multi-column	documents,	the	user	can	specify	the	number	of	columns	in	the	document	via	a	user	interface;	

OCR:	however,	such	user	input	was	not	allowed	in	the	in  	the 	competition.	The	approach	was	able	to	handle	most	of	
GT :	however,	such	user	input	was	not	allowed	in	the	null	null	competition.	The	approach	was	able	to	handle	most	of	

OCR:	the	documents	where	the	tables	span	the	entire	width	of	the	page.	However,	the	issue	of	false	positives	was	not	
GT :	the	documents	where	the	tables	span	the	entire	width	of	the	page.	However,	the	issue	of	false	positives	was	not	

OCR:	properly	addressed,	as	in	the	original	workflow	these	would	have	been	discarded	via	user	interaction.	D.	TABFIND	algorithm,	Silva	Ana	
GT :	properly	addressed,	as	in	the	original	workflow	these	would	have	been	discarded	via	user	interaction.	D.	TABFIND	algorithm,	Silva	Ana	

OCR:	Costa	e	Silva,	from	the	Laboratory	of	Artificial	Intelli-	gence	and	Decision	Support	(LIAAD-INESC),	Porto,	Portugal,	used	an	algorithm	that	
GT :	Costa	e	Silva,	from	the	Laboratory	of	Artificial	Intelli-	gence	and	Decision	Support	(LIAAD-INESC),	Porto,	Portugal,	used	an	algorithm	that	

OCR:	works	on	textual	files	line-by-line,	and	the	PDF	dataset	was	therefore	converted	into	text	format,	resulting	in	loss	of	information.	
GT :	works	on	textual	files	line-by-line,	and	the	PDF	dataset	was	therefore	converted	into	text	format,	resulting	in	loss	of	information.	

OCR:	The	method	used	in	the	competition	differs	somewhat	from	the	one	presented	in	her	thesis	[8]	and	was	adapted	specifically	
GT :	The	method	used	in	the	competition	differs	somewhat	from	the	one	presented	in	her	thesis	[8]	and	was	adapted	specifically	

OCR:	for	the	competition	dataset	by	assuming,	for	example,	that	tables	have	at	least	one	line	where	all	cells	are	non-empty.	
GT :	for	the	competition	dataset	by	assuming,	for	example,	that	tables	have	at	least	one	line	where	all	cells	are	non-empty.	

OCR:	Furthermore,	the	algorithm	also	incorporates	a	training	procedure	for	parameter	tuning.	E.	Stoffel's	null     	system	Andreas	Stoffel,	from	the	Department	
GT :	Furthermore,	the	algorithm	also	incorporates	a	training	procedure	for	parameter	tuning.	E.	null     	Stoffel’s	system	Andreas	Stoffel,	from	the	Department	

OCR:	of	Computer	and	Information	Science,	University	of	Konstanz,	Germany,	par-	ticipated	with	a	trainable	system	[9],	[10]	for	the	analysis	
GT :	of	Computer	and	Information	Science,	University	of	Konstanz,	Germany,	par-	ticipated	with	a	trainable	system	[9],	[10]	for	the	analysis	

OCR:	of	PDF	documents	based	on	the	PDFBox	library.	After	initial	column	and	reading-order	detection,	logical	classification	is	performed	on	the	
GT :	of	PDF	documents	based	on	the	PDFBox	library.	After	initial	column	and	reading-order	detection,	logical	classification	is	performed	on	the	

OCR:	line	level.	In	order	to	detect	tables,	the	system	was	trained	on	the	practice	dataset	using	a	sequence	of	a	
GT :	line	level.	In	order	to	detect	tables,	the	system	was	trained	on	the	practice	dataset	using	a	sequence	of	a	

OCR:	decision-tree	classifier	and	a	conditional	random	field	CRF)	null 	classifier.	Consecutive	lines	labelled	as	tabular	content	were	then	grouped	together	
GT :	decision-tree	classifier	and	a	conditional	random	field	null	(CRF)	classifier.	Consecutive	lines	labelled	as	tabular	content	were	then	grouped	together	

OCR:	and	output	as	a	table	region.	F.	KYTHE	system,	Hsu	et	al.	The	Kansas	Yielding	Template	Heuristic	Extractor	(KYTHE)	was	
GT :	and	output	as	a	table	region.	F.	KYTHE	system,	Hsu	et	al.	The	Kansas	Yielding	Template	Heuristic	Extractor	(KYTHE)	was	

OCR:	submitted	by	William	H.	Hsu	(group	leader),	Xinghuang	Xu	and	Jake	Ehrlich	from	the	Department	of	Computing	and	Information	Sciences,	
GT :	submitted	by	William	H.	Hsu	(group	leader),	Xinghuang	Xu	and	Jake	Ehrlich	from	the	Department	of	Computing	and	Information	Sciences,	

OCR:	Kansas	State	University,	in	collabora-	tion	with	Praveen	Koduru	of	iQGateway	LLC.	null	
GT :	Kansas	State	University,	in	collabora-	tion	with	Praveen	Koduru	of	iQGateway	LLC.	1451	

