OCR:	Establishing	Controls	set 	of  	ideas	about	the 	nature	of  	the 	universe,	explains	ex- 	Often	we	are	interested	in	learning	about	
GT :	Establishing	Controls	null	null	null 	null 	null	null  	null	null	null     	null    	null	Often	we	are	interested	in	learning	about	

OCR:	processes	that	are	perimental	facts,	and 	serves	as  	a   	guide	to  	further	questions	influenced	by	many	factors,	or	variables.	To	
GT :	processes	that	are	null      	null  	null	null  	null	null	null 	null	null   	null     	influenced	by	many	factors,	or	variables.	To	

OCR:	evaluate	alter-	and 	experiments.	native	hypotheses	about	one	variable,	all	other	variables	To  	a   	scientist,	such	theories	are 	the 	solid	
GT :	evaluate	alter-	null	null        	native	hypotheses	about	one	variable,	all	other	variables	null	null	null      	null	null    	null	null	null 	

OCR:	ground	of  	sci-	must	be	kept	constant.	This	is	done	by	carrying	out	two	ex-	null     	null	null     	null	null	
GT :	null  	null	null	must	be	kept	constant.	This	is	done	by	carrying	out	two	ex-	periments	in  	parallel:	in  	the 	

OCR:	null 	null       	null	null    	null	null   	null	null	null    	null	null	null	null	null      	null       	null	null	null  	null       	null  	
GT :	first	experiment,	one 	variable	is  	altered	in  	a   	specific	way 	to  	test	a   	particular	hypothesis;	in  	the 	second	experiment,	called	

OCR:	null	null   	null       	null	null    	null	null	null      	null	null	null 	null    	null	null	null  	null  	null	null      	null	null	
GT :	the 	control	experiment,	that	variable	is  	left	unaltered.	In  	all 	other	respects	the 	two 	exper-	iments	are 	identical,	so  	any 	

OCR:	null      	null	null	null    	null	null	null	null       	null	null  	null	null	null     	null	null	null    	null	null	null    	null	
GT :	difference	in  	the 	outcomes	of  	the 	two 	experiments	must	result	from	the 	influence	of  	the 	variable	that	was 	changed.	Much	

OCR:	null	null	null     	null	null   	null  	null   	null	null	null     	null   	null       	null	null   	null	null      	null    	null	null 	null   	
GT :	of  	the 	challenge	of  	experi-	mental	science	lies	in  	designing	control	experiments	that	isolate	a   	particular	variable	from	other	factors	

OCR:	null	null 	null	null   	null	null    	null 	null       	null	null      	null      	null      	null 	null	null	null	null	null 	null	null     	
GT :	that	might	in- 	fluence	a   	process.	Using	Predictions	A   	successful	scientific	hypothesis	needs	to  	be  	not 	only	valid	but 	useful—it	

OCR:	null 	null	null	null	null     	null	null	null	null 	null	null      	null	null	null  	null	null	null 	null   	null  	null   	
GT :	needs	to  	tell	you 	something	you 	want	to  	know.	A   	hypothesis	is  	most	useful	when	it  	makes	predic-	tions,	because	

OCR:	null 	null       	null   	null	null	null	null	null	null	null  	null	null	null       	null	null	null      	null    	null   	null        	null	
GT :	those	predictions	provide	a   	way 	to  	test	the 	va- 	lidity	of  	the 	hypothesis.	If  	an  	experiment	produces	results	inconsistent	with	

OCR:	null	null        	null	null      	null	null	null	null   	null	null	null 	null 	null	null	null       	null	null     	null	null        	null    	
GT :	the 	predictions,	the 	hypothesis	must	be  	re- 	jected.	On  	the 	other	hand,	if  	the 	predictions	are 	supported	by  	experimental	testing,	

OCR:	null	null      	null	null      	null	null	null          	null     	null       	null	null      	null  	null	null	null 	null	null      	null	null	null    	
GT :	the 	hypothesis	is  	supported.	The 	more	experimentally	supported	predictions	a   	hypothesis	makes,	the 	more	valid	the 	hypothesis	is. 	For 	example,	

OCR:	null	null   	null      	null	null      	null	null	null 	null         	null	null  	null   	null	null	null 	null  	null	null      	null	null	
GT :	Ein-	stein’s	hypothesis	of  	relativity	was 	at  	first	provisionally	ac- 	cepted	because	no  	one 	could	devise	an  	experiment	that	in- 	

OCR:	null     	null	null	null      	null	null	null 	null       	null	null	null	null 	null	null	null	null	null 	null   	null	null	
GT :	validated	it. 	The 	hypothesis	made	a   	clear	prediction:	that	the 	sun 	would	bend	the 	path	of  	light	passing	by  	it. 	

OCR:	null	null	null      	null	null  	null	null	null 	null    	null	null 	null	null      	null 	null	null  	null 	null   	null	null  	
GT :	When	this	prediction	was 	tested	in  	a   	total	eclipse,	the 	light	from	background	stars	was 	indeed	bent.	Because	this	result	

OCR:	null	null   	null	null	null      	null	null 	null       	null	null	null 	null  	null   	null	null	null       	null 	null	null	null	
GT :	was 	unknown	when	the 	hypothesis	was 	being	formulated,	it  	pro-	vided	strong	support	for 	the 	hypothesis,	which	was 	then	ac- 	

OCR:	null  	null	null	null       	null      	null    	null      	null	null	null	null  	null	null	null	null 	null	null  	null	null	null	
GT :	cepted	with	more	confidence.	Developing	Theories	Scientists	use 	the 	word	theory	in  	two 	main	ways.	A   	“theo-	ry” 	is  	a   	

OCR:	null    	null       	null	null	null   	null    	null	null 	null 	null	null	null   	null      	null	null	null  	null	null	null     	null 	
GT :	proposed	explanation	for 	some	natural	phenome-	non,	often	based	on  	some	general	principle.	Thus	one 	speaks	of  	the 	principle	first	

OCR:	null    	null	null  	null	null	null   	null	null     	null	null    	null 	null 	null    	null    	null	null	null      	null   	null	null	
GT :	proposed	by  	Newton	as  	the 	“theory	of  	gravity.”	Such	theories	often	bring	together	concepts	that	were	previously	thought	to  	be  	

OCR:	null      	null	null 	null   	null        	null	null     	null      	null    	null  	null	null   	null    	null	null  	null       	null	null   	null   	null	
GT :	unrelated,	and 	offer	unified	explanations	of  	different	phenomena.	Newton’s	theory	of  	gravity	provided	a   	single	explanation	for 	objects	falling	to  	

OCR:	null	null  	null	null	null  	null	null   	null  	null	null	null    	null	null	null	null	null	null	null	null	null          	
GT :	the 	ground	and 	the 	orbits	of  	planets	around	the 	sun.	“Theory”	is  	also	used	to  	mean	the 	body	of  	interconnected	

OCR:	null     	null     	null	null      	null	null  	null	null        	null     	null	null    	null	null 	null	null	null	null	null  	null	null	
GT :	concepts,	supported	by  	scientific	rea-	soning	and 	experimental	evidence,	that	explains	the 	facts	in  	some	area	of  	study.	Such	a   	

OCR:	null  	null    	null	null  	null    	null     	null	null      	null	null	null	null      	null	null    	null   	null  	null	null   	null  	null    	
GT :	theory	provides	an  	indis-	pensable	framework	for 	organizing	a   	body	of  	knowledge.	For 	example,	quantum	theory	in  	physics	brings	together	

OCR:	null	null	null	null	null	null  	null	null  	null  	null	null	null 	null 	null	null  	null	null	null     	null    	null	
GT :	a   	8   	Part	I   	The 	Origin	of  	Living	Things	set 	of  	ideas	about	the 	nature	of  	the 	universe,	explains	ex- 	

OCR:	null      	null  	null	null  	null	null	null 	null	null   	null     	null	null        	null	null	null      	null	null    	null	null	null 	
GT :	perimental	facts,	and 	serves	as  	a   	guide	to  	further	questions	and 	experiments.	To  	a   	scientist,	such	theories	are 	the 	solid	

OCR:	null  	null	null	ence,	that	of	which	we	are	most	certain.	In	contrast,	to	the	periments	in  	parallel:	in  	the 	
GT :	ground	of  	sci-	ence,	that	of	which	we	are	most	certain.	In	contrast,	to	the	null     	null	null     	null	null	

OCR:	first	experiment,	one 	variable	is  	general	public,	theory	implies	just	the	opposite-a	null      	lack	of	altered	in  	a   	specific	way 	
GT :	null 	null       	null	null    	null	general	public,	theory	implies	just	the	null      	opposite—a	lack	of	null   	null	null	null    	null	

OCR:	to  	test	a   	particular	hypothesis;	in  	the 	knowledge,	or	a	guess.	Not	surprisingly,	this	difference	second	experiment,	called	the 	control	
GT :	null	null	null	null      	null       	null	null	knowledge,	or	a	guess.	Not	surprisingly,	this	difference	null  	null       	null  	null	null   	

OCR:	experiment,	that	often	results	in	confusion.	In	this	text,	theory	will	always	be	variable	is  	left	unaltered.	In  	all 	other	
GT :	null       	null	often	results	in	confusion.	In	this	text,	theory	will	always	be	null    	null	null	null      	null	null	null 	

OCR:	respects	the 	two 	exper-	used	in	its	scientific	sense,	in	reference	to	an	accepted	gen-	iments	are 	identical,	so  	any 	
GT :	null    	null	null	null  	used	in	its	scientific	sense,	in	reference	to	an	accepted	gen-	null  	null	null      	null	null	

OCR:	difference	in  	the 	outcomes	of  	eral	principle	or	body	of	knowledge.	the 	two 	experiments	must	result	from	the 	influence	of  	
GT :	null      	null	null	null    	null	eral	principle	or	body	of	knowledge.	null	null	null       	null	null  	null	null	null     	null	

OCR:	the 	To	suggest,	as	many	critics	outside	of	science	do,	that	variable	that	was 	changed.	Much	of  	the 	challenge	of  	
GT :	null	To	suggest,	as	many	critics	outside	of	science	do,	that	null    	null	null	null    	null	null	null	null     	null	

OCR:	experi-	evolution	is	"just	null 	a	theory"	null   	is	misleading.	The	hypothesis	mental	science	lies	in  	designing	control	experiments	that	
GT :	null   	evolution	is	null 	“just	a	null   	theory”	is	misleading.	The	hypothesis	null  	null   	null	null	null     	null   	null       	that	

OCR:	that	evolution	has	occurred	is	an	accepted	scientific	fact;	it	is	isolate	a   	particular	variable	from	other	factors	that	might	
GT :	null	evolution	has	occurred	is	an	accepted	scientific	fact;	it	is	null   	null	null      	null    	null	null 	null   	null	null 	

OCR:	in- 	supported	by	overwhelming	evidence.	Modern	evolutionary	fluence	a   	process.	theory	is	a	complex	body	of	ideas	whose	importance	spreads	
GT :	null	supported	by	overwhelming	evidence.	Modern	evolutionary	null   	null	null    	theory	is	a	complex	body	of	ideas	whose	importance	spreads	

OCR:	far	beyond	explaining	evolution;	its	ramifications	permeate	all	areas	of	biology,	and	it	provides	the	conceptual	frame-	Using	Predictions	work	
GT :	far	beyond	explaining	evolution;	its	ramifications	permeate	all	areas	of	biology,	and	it	provides	the	conceptual	frame-	null 	null       	work	

OCR:	that	unifies	biology	as	a	science.	A   	successful	scientific	hypothesis	needs	to  	be  	not 	only	valid	but 	useful-it	needs	to  	
GT :	that	unifies	biology	as	a	science.	null	null      	null      	null      	null 	null	null	null	null	null 	null	null     	null 	null	

OCR:	tell	you 	something	you 	want	to  	Research	and	the	Scientific	Method	know.	A   	hypothesis	is  	most	useful	when	it  	makes	
GT :	null	null	null     	null	null	null	Research	and	the	Scientific	Method	null 	null	null      	null	null	null  	null	null	null 	

OCR:	predic	It	used	to	be	fashionable	to	speak	of	the	"scientific	null       	meth-	tions,	because	those	predictions	provide	a   	way 	
GT :	null  	It	used	to	be	fashionable	to	speak	of	the	null       	“scientific	meth-	null  	null   	null 	null       	null   	null	null	

OCR:	to  	test	the 	va  	od" 	null	as	consisting	of	an	orderly	sequence	of	logical	"ei-	lidity	of  	the 	hypothesis.	If  	
GT :	null	null	null	null	null	od” 	as	consisting	of	an	orderly	sequence	of	logical	null	null  	null	null	null       	null	

OCR:	an  	experiment	produces	results	ther/or"	null	null    	steps.	Each	step	would	reject	one	of	two	mutually	inconsistent	with	the 	predictions,	
GT :	null	null      	null    	null   	null    	“ei-	ther/or”	steps.	Each	step	would	reject	one	of	two	mutually	null        	null	null	null        	

OCR:	the 	hypothesis	must	be  	re- 	incompatible	alternatives,	as	if	trial-and-error	testing	ected.	On  	the 	other	hand,	if  	the 	predictions	are 	
GT :	null	null      	null	null	null	incompatible	alternatives,	as	if	trial-and-error	testing	null  	null	null	null 	null 	null	null	null       	null	

OCR:	supported	would	inevitably	lead	one	through	the	maze	of	uncertain-	by  	experimental	testing,	the 	hypothesis	is  	supported.	The 	ty	that	
GT :	null     	would	inevitably	lead	one	through	the	maze	of	uncertain-	null	null        	null    	null	null      	null	null      	null	ty	that	

OCR:	always	impedes	scientific	progress.	If	this	were	in-	more	experimentally	supported	predictions	a   	hypothesis	deed	so,	a	computer	would	make	
GT :	always	impedes	scientific	progress.	If	this	were	in-	null	null          	null     	null       	null	null      	deed	so,	a	computer	would	make	

OCR:	a	good	scientist.	But	sci-	makes,	the 	more	valid	the 	hypothesis	is. 	For 	example,	Ein-	ence	is	not	done	this	
GT :	a	good	scientist.	But	sci-	null  	null	null	null 	null	null      	null	null	null    	null	ence	is	not	done	this	

OCR:	way.	As	British	philosopher	Karl	stein's	hypothesis	of  	relativity	was 	at  	first	provisionally	ac- 	Popper	has	pointed	out,	successful	scientists	
GT :	way.	As	British	philosopher	Karl	null   	null      	null	null      	null	null	null 	null         	null	Popper	has	pointed	out,	successful	scientists	

OCR:	without	ex-	cepted	because	no  	one 	could	devise	an  	experiment	that	in- 	null   	design	their	experiments	with	a	pretty	fair	
GT :	without	ex-	null  	null   	null	null	null 	null  	null	null      	null	null	ception	design	their	experiments	with	a	pretty	fair	

OCR:	idea	of	validated	it. 	The 	hypothesis	made	a   	clear	prediction:	that	how	the	results	are	going	to	come	out.	They	
GT :	idea	of	null     	null	null	null      	null	null	null 	null       	null	how	the	results	are	going	to	come	out.	They	

OCR:	have	what	the 	sun 	would	bend	the 	path	of  	light	passing	by  	it. 	When	Popper	calls	an	"imaginative	preconception"	null        	
GT :	have	what	null	null	null 	null	null	null	null	null 	null   	null	null	null	Popper	calls	an	null        	null          	“imaginative	

OCR:	null          	of	what	the	this	prediction	was 	tested	in  	a   	total	eclipse,	the 	light	from	truth	might	be.	A	hypothesis	
GT :	preconception”	of	what	the	null	null      	null	null  	null	null	null 	null    	null	null 	null	truth	might	be.	A	hypothesis	

OCR:	that	a	successful	scientist	background	stars	was 	indeed	bent.	Because	this	result	was 	tests	is	not	just	any	hypothesis;	rather,	
GT :	that	a	successful	scientist	null      	null 	null	null  	null 	null   	null	null  	null	tests	is	not	just	any	hypothesis;	rather,	

OCR:	it	is	an	educated	unknown	when	the 	hypothesis	was 	being	formulated,	it  	pro-	guess	or	a	hunch,	in	which	the	
GT :	it	is	an	educated	null   	null	null	null      	null	null 	null       	null	null	guess	or	a	hunch,	in	which	the	

OCR:	scientist	integrates	all	that	vided	strong	support	for 	the 	hypothesis,	which	was 	then	ac- 	he	or	she	knows	and	allows	
GT :	scientist	integrates	all	that	null 	null  	null   	null	null	null       	null 	null	null	null	he	or	she	knows	and	allows	

OCR:	his	or	her	imagination	full	cepted	with	more	confidence.	play,	in	an	attempt	to	get	a	sense	of	what	might	
GT :	his	or	her	imagination	full	null  	null	null	null       	play,	in	an	attempt	to	get	a	sense	of	what	might	

OCR:	be	true	see 	null	Box:	How	Biologists	Do	Their	Work).	It	is	because	insight	and	imagination	play	such	a	large	
GT :	be	true	null	(see	Box:	How	Biologists	Do	Their	Work).	It	is	because	insight	and	imagination	play	such	a	large	

OCR:	role	in	scientific	Developing	Theories	progress	that	some	scientists	are	so	much	better	at	science	Scientists	use 	the 	word	theory	
GT :	role	in	scientific	null      	null    	progress	that	some	scientists	are	so	much	better	at	science	null      	null	null	null	null  	

OCR:	in  	two 	main	ways.	A   	"theo-	than	others,	just	as	Beethoven	and	Mozart	stand	out	y"  	is  	a   	proposed	explanation	
GT :	null	null	null	null 	null	null  	than	others,	just	as	Beethoven	and	Mozart	stand	out	null	null	null	null    	null       	

OCR:	for 	some	natural	phenome-	among	most	other	composers.	non,	often	based	on  	some	general	principle.	Thus	one 	Some	scientists	perform	
GT :	null	null	null   	null    	among	most	other	composers.	null	null 	null 	null	null	null   	null      	null	null	Some	scientists	perform	

OCR:	what	is	called	basic	research,	speaks	of  	the 	principle	first	proposed	by  	Newton	as  	the 	which	is	intended	to	extend	
GT :	what	is	called	basic	research,	null  	null	null	null     	null 	null    	null	null  	null	null	which	is	intended	to	extend	

OCR:	the	boundaries	of	what	we	"theory	of  	gravity."	Such	theories	often	bring	together	know.	These	individuals	typically	work	at	universities,	
GT :	the	boundaries	of	what	we	null   	null	null     	null	null    	null 	null 	null    	know.	These	individuals	typically	work	at	universities,	

OCR:	and	concepts	that	were	previously	thought	to  	be  	unrelated,	their	research	is	usually	financially	supported	by	their	in-	and 	offer	
GT :	and	null    	null	null	null      	null   	null	null	null      	their	research	is	usually	financially	supported	by	their	in-	null	null 	

OCR:	unified	explanations	of  	different	phenomena.	stitutions	and	by	external	sources,	such	as	the	government,	Newton's	theory	of  	gravity	provided	a   	
GT :	null   	null        	null	null     	null      	stitutions	and	by	external	sources,	such	as	the	government,	null    	null  	null	null   	null    	null	

OCR:	single	explanation	ndustry,	null     	and	private	foundations.	Basic	research	is	as	di-	for 	objects	falling	to  	the 	ground	and 	the 	
GT :	null  	null       	null    	industry,	and	private	foundations.	Basic	research	is	as	di-	null	null   	null   	null	null	null  	null	null	

OCR:	orbits	of  	planets	verse	as	its	name	implies.	Some	basic	scientists	attempt	to	around	the 	sun.	"Theory"	is  	also	used	
GT :	null  	null	null   	verse	as	its	name	implies.	Some	basic	scientists	attempt	to	null  	null	null	null    	null	null	null	

OCR:	to  	mean	the 	body	find	out	how	certain	cells	take	up	specific	chemicals,	while	of  	interconnected	concepts,	supported	by  	scientific	
GT :	null	null	null	null	find	out	how	certain	cells	take	up	specific	chemicals,	while	null	null          	null     	null     	null	null      	

OCR:	rea-	others	count	the	number	of	dents	in	tiger	teeth.	The	infor-	soning	and 	experimental	evidence,	that	explains	the 	facts	
GT :	null	others	count	the	number	of	dents	in	tiger	teeth.	The	infor-	null  	null	null        	null     	null	null    	null	null 	

OCR:	mation	generated	by	basic	research	contributes	to	the	in  	some	area	of  	study.	Such	a   	theory	provides	an  	indis-	growing	
GT :	mation	generated	by	basic	research	contributes	to	the	null	null	null	null	null  	null	null	null  	null    	null	null  	growing	

OCR:	body	of	scientific	knowledge,	and	it	provides	the	pensable	framework	for 	organizing	a   	body	of  	knowledge.	scientific	foundation	utilized	by	
GT :	body	of	scientific	knowledge,	and	it	provides	the	null    	null     	null	null      	null	null	null	null      	scientific	foundation	utilized	by	

OCR:	applied	research.	Scien-	For 	example,	quantum	theory	in  	physics	brings	together	a   	tists	who	conduct	applied	research	are	often	employed	
GT :	applied	research.	Scien-	null	null    	null   	null  	null	null   	null  	null    	null	tists	who	conduct	applied	research	are	often	employed	

OCR:	in	8   	Part	I   	The 	Origin	of  	Living	Things	
GT :	in	null	null	null	null	null  	null	null  	null  	

