OCR:	IEEE	Access	W.	Ohyama	et	al.:	Detecting	MEs	in	Scientific	Document	Images	Using	a	U-Net	Trained	on	a	Diverse	Dataset	
GT :	null	null  	W.	Ohyama	et	al.:	Detecting	MEs	in	Scientific	Document	Images	Using	a	U-Net	Trained	on	a	Diverse	Dataset	

OCR:	ordinary	text	words.	When	the	majority	of	symbols	(charac-	ers)	null 	in	a	candidate	region	were	detected	as	math	symbols,	
GT :	ordinary	text	words.	When	the	majority	of	symbols	(charac-	null	ters)	in	a	candidate	region	were	detected	as	math	symbols,	

OCR:	the	region	was	detected	as	an	ME.	We	used	InftyReader	[8]	version	3.1.5.2	as	the	baseline	for	performance	comparison.	InftyReader	
GT :	the	region	was	detected	as	an	ME.	We	used	InftyReader	[8]	version	3.1.5.2	as	the	baseline	for	performance	comparison.	InftyReader	

OCR:	is	not	only	a	pub-	lic	OCR	software	developed	for	documents	containing	MEs	but	is	also	recognized	as	a	research	
GT :	is	not	only	a	pub-	lic	OCR	software	developed	for	documents	containing	MEs	but	is	also	recognized	as	a	research	

OCR:	achievement	having	the	state-of-the-art	performance	for	extraction	and	recognition	of	mathematical	expressions.	InftyReader	uses	the	standard	process	pipeline	shown	in	
GT :	achievement	having	the	state-of-the-art	performance	for	extraction	and	recognition	of	mathematical	expressions.	InftyReader	uses	the	standard	process	pipeline	shown	in	

OCR:	Figure	2.	To	prevent	performance	degradation,	InftyReader	requires	input	document	images	to	be	scanned	at	600	dpi.	To	fair	comparison,	
GT :	Figure	2.	To	prevent	performance	degradation,	InftyReader	requires	input	document	images	to	be	scanned	at	600	dpi.	To	fair	comparison,	

OCR:	the	same	candidate	regions	are	used	for	InftyReader.	C.	PRELIMINARY	EXPERIMENT	FOR	SUB-BLOCK	SIZE	SETTING	To	determine	the	size	of	
GT :	the	same	candidate	regions	are	used	for	InftyReader.	C.	PRELIMINARY	EXPERIMENT	FOR	SUB-BLOCK	SIZE	SETTING	To	determine	the	size	of	

OCR:	the	sub-block	images,	we	conducted	a	preliminary	experiment.	As	described	in	III-B,	the	size	of	the	sub-block	images	input	to	
GT :	the	sub-block	images,	we	conducted	a	preliminary	experiment.	As	described	in	III-B,	the	size	of	the	sub-block	images	input	to	

OCR:	U-Net	is	an	important	param-	eter.	It	determines	not	only	the	actual	configuration	of	U-Net	but	also	the	amount	of	
GT :	U-Net	is	an	important	param-	eter.	It	determines	not	only	the	actual	configuration	of	U-Net	but	also	the	amount	of	

OCR:	information	the	network	captures	from	the	surrounding	image	regions.	In	the	preliminary	experiment,	small	(128	x   	null	128	pix-	els),	
GT :	information	the	network	captures	from	the	surrounding	image	regions.	In	the	preliminary	experiment,	small	(128	null	×   	128	pix-	els),	

OCR:	medium	(256	x   	null	256)	and	large	(512	x   	null	512)	sub-block	sizes	were	tested,	as	shown	in	Figure	6.	
GT :	medium	(256	null	×   	256)	and	large	(512	null	×   	512)	sub-block	sizes	were	tested,	as	shown	in	Figure	6.	

OCR:	Each	size	of	sub-	block	covered	the	image	area	of	approximately	4.5	(small),	.0  	null	(medium)	and	18.0	(large)	text	
GT :	Each	size	of	sub-	block	covered	the	image	area	of	approximately	4.5	(small),	null	9.0 	(medium)	and	18.0	(large)	text	

OCR:	lines,	respectively.	One-	document-out	cross-validation	was	conducted	for	the	test,	which	is	a	repeated	procedure	where	document	pages	of	one	
GT :	lines,	respectively.	One-	document-out	cross-validation	was	conducted	for	the	test,	which	is	a	repeated	procedure	where	document	pages	of	one	

OCR:	document	article	from	the	training	dataset	are	reserved	for	testing	and	the	remaining	pages	are	used	for	training	the	image	
GT :	document	article	from	the	training	dataset	are	reserved	for	testing	and	the	remaining	pages	are	used	for	training	the	image	

OCR:	conversion	module.	The	dataset	consisted	of	31	arti-	cles;	therefore,	the	procedure	was	repeated	31	times.	Table	2	shows	the	
GT :	conversion	module.	The	dataset	consisted	of	31	arti-	cles;	therefore,	the	procedure	was	repeated	31	times.	Table	2	shows	the	

OCR:	results	of	the	preliminary	experiment.	In	the	table,	mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	are	shown.	The	
GT :	results	of	the	preliminary	experiment.	In	the	table,	mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	are	shown.	The	

OCR:	highest	recall	value	was	obtained	by	the	small	sub-block;	however,	the	extracted	results	contained	many	false	positives	that	should	have	
GT :	highest	recall	value	was	obtained	by	the	small	sub-block;	however,	the	extracted	results	contained	many	false	positives	that	should	have	

OCR:	belonged	to	ordinary	text.	In	fact,	many	ordinary	characters	in	italic	or	boldface	were	extracted	as	mathematical	sym-	bols.	By	
GT :	belonged	to	ordinary	text.	In	fact,	many	ordinary	characters	in	italic	or	boldface	were	extracted	as	mathematical	sym-	bols.	By	

OCR:	contrast,	the	large	sub-block	successfully	eliminated	these	false	positives	and	provided	the	highest	precision	and	F-measure	values.	Based	on	this	
GT :	contrast,	the	large	sub-block	successfully	eliminated	these	false	positives	and	provided	the	highest	precision	and	F-measure	values.	Based	on	this	

OCR:	result,	we	decided	to	use	the	large	sub-block	in	our	implementation.	TABLE	2.	Validating	the	performance	of	the	proposed	method	
GT :	result,	we	decided	to	use	the	large	sub-block	in	our	implementation.	TABLE	2.	Validating	the	performance	of	the	proposed	method	

OCR:	for	mathematical	symbol	detection	against	the	size	of	sub-block	images.	Mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	are	
GT :	for	mathematical	symbol	detection	against	the	size	of	sub-block	images.	Mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	are	

OCR:	shown	in	the	table.	The	large	sub-block	achieved	the	highest	F	measure	value.	Underlining	in	each	column	indicates	the	highest	
GT :	shown	in	the	table.	The	large	sub-block	achieved	the	highest	F	measure	value.	Underlining	in	each	column	indicates	the	highest	

OCR:	value	of	each	measure.	t   	144036	i   	FIGURE	6.	The	considered	three	sub-block	sizes.	The	small,	medium	and	large	sub-blocks	
GT :	value	of	each	measure.	null	144036	null	FIGURE	6.	The	considered	three	sub-block	sizes.	The	small,	medium	and	large	sub-blocks	

OCR:	cover	the	area	for	which	the	height	and	width	are	approximately	4.5,	9.0	and	18.0	text	lines,	respectively	null         	D.	
GT :	cover	the	area	for	which	the	height	and	width	are	approximately	4.5,	9.0	and	18.0	text	lines,	null        	respectively.	D.	

OCR:	PRELIMINARY	EXPERIMENT	FOR	PRE-	AND	POST-PROCESSING	In	the	proposed	method,	we	employ	pre-	and	post-processing	to	mainly	improve	the	stability	
GT :	PRELIMINARY	EXPERIMENT	FOR	PRE-	AND	POST-PROCESSING	In	the	proposed	method,	we	employ	pre-	and	post-processing	to	mainly	improve	the	stability	

OCR:	of	the	proposed	method	for	ME	extraction.	The	dilation	operation	in	the	pre-processing	is	expected	to	enhance	the	recall	and	
GT :	of	the	proposed	method	for	ME	extraction.	The	dilation	operation	in	the	pre-processing	is	expected	to	enhance	the	recall	and	

OCR:	precision	due	to	preventing	the	elimination	of	thin	components	in	the	document	image.	The	pixel-wise	AND	operation	between	the	output	
GT :	precision	due	to	preventing	the	elimination	of	thin	components	in	the	document	image.	The	pixel-wise	AND	operation	between	the	output	

OCR:	of	U-net	and	the	original	image	can	enhance	the	precision	due	to	prevent	artifacts	and	noise.	We	conducted	a	preliminary	
GT :	of	U-net	and	the	original	image	can	enhance	the	precision	due	to	prevent	artifacts	and	noise.	We	conducted	a	preliminary	

OCR:	experiment	to	confirm	the	effectiveness	of	the	pre-	and	post-process.	In	the	prelimi-	nary	experiment,	we	evaluated	the	ME	detection	
GT :	experiment	to	confirm	the	effectiveness	of	the	pre-	and	post-process.	In	the	prelimi-	nary	experiment,	we	evaluated	the	ME	detection	

OCR:	performance	in	the	case	where	the	dilation	operation	in	pre-processing	and	the	pixel-wise	AND	operation	in	the	post-processing	are	separately	
GT :	performance	in	the	case	where	the	dilation	operation	in	pre-processing	and	the	pixel-wise	AND	operation	in	the	post-processing	are	separately	

OCR:	eliminated.	Same	as	in	the	previous	section,	One-document-out	cross-validation	was	conducted	for	each	setup.	Table	3	shows	the	results	of	
GT :	eliminated.	Same	as	in	the	previous	section,	One-document-out	cross-validation	was	conducted	for	each	setup.	Table	3	shows	the	results	of	

OCR:	the	experiment.	As	shown	in	the	results,	both	operations	contribute	to	improving	mathe-	matical	symbol	detection	performance.	Notably,	the	dilation	
GT :	the	experiment.	As	shown	in	the	results,	both	operations	contribute	to	improving	mathe-	matical	symbol	detection	performance.	Notably,	the	dilation	

OCR:	process	improves	performance	significantly.	These	results	suggest	that	preventing	the	elimination	of	thin	and	small	components	in	the	document	image	
GT :	process	improves	performance	significantly.	These	results	suggest	that	preventing	the	elimination	of	thin	and	small	components	in	the	document	image	

OCR:	is	essential	for	the	image	conversion	by	U-net.	TABLE	3.	Validating	the	performance	of	the	proposed	method	for	mathematical	symbol	
GT :	is	essential	for	the	image	conversion	by	U-net.	TABLE	3.	Validating	the	performance	of	the	proposed	method	for	mathematical	symbol	

OCR:	detection	with	and	without	the	dilation	and	the	pixel-wise	AND	operations.	Mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	
GT :	detection	with	and	without	the	dilation	and	the	pixel-wise	AND	operations.	Mean	and	standard	deviation	values	of	each	performance	measure	

OCR:	are	shown	in	the	table	t   	null  	VOLUME	7,	2019	
GT :	are	shown	in	the	null 	null	table.	VOLUME	7,	2019	

